## How to Get a 36, and still have a life

To get a good act score, you have to take a lot of **real** act tests under **real** conditions. Theres a limited number of tests (only 3 are released a year), so you must maximise what you learn from each test. To do this you first have to set aside time to fully focus on the test. Before you take the test make a gameplan for each section. Then you must do a section of the test under the correct time limit and with a bubble sheet. Once the timer goes off mark the questions you didn't finish and then finish them as if your still under that timer. Now that you have answered all the questions grade yourself. Now go through each question if you answered it correctly ask yourself why that answer was correct? and why the incorect answers were incorrect? **You Must Know Why** if you answered inccorectly find out why you were wrong? and why the correct answer is correct? and why the other incorect answers were wrong? **You Must Know Why**. If you don't know why then google a walkthrough for the test, read the ACT black book for, or Ask Mason. Now its imparitave that you review your answers and learn why right after the test so it is still fresh in your brain. Its important to know why you got your answers and the answers you didn't bubble wrong or right because the ACT has objective answers, and each question and its 4 answers provide information about the objective methods used to create those problems and answers. The Act black book has a list of objective ways to find the answers for every section. The questions on the ACT are not unique each section will have severl types of questions they can ask and your goal is to learn all of their objective methods for finding the correct and **wrongs answers** (it may be easier to find 3 wrong answers than one correct one). Once you begin to learn how the questions, sections, and the act work perfect you stratagey and gameplan for each section to maximise your score (your raw score (correct / total) and the curved score - ussaly theres a table for it online that converts raw into 0 - 36). Now stop wasting yur time and start taking tests, I took 30 of them and got a 35 each test takes 3 hours to do then ussaly 2 hours to review (those 2 hours is where the learning and progress happens), so in total I spent 150 hours = 6.25 days ~ a week of time, and that doesn't count time spent on the SAT or at the tutor. Rember its like working out, you have to consitenly do it each day for there to be progress. So start planning for when you want to take it (you should take 2 to 3) and start doing one section a day. And when it gets close to test time start taking full tests so you have plenty of stanima when it comes to the real thing.
